better 1.0 8 removal in printer (#167)
ModellingWebLab/chaste-codegen: RELEASE.md

# Release 0.5.0

> - Multiplication equations x * y * y now have 1.0 tersm removed in a way that works more genericly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multiplication equations x * y * y now have 1.0 terms removed in a way that works more generically.
```
